[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> A rare planetary
alignment, how to see it,
plus what this means for you
energetically and how you
should prepare.
This is Gaia News.
Since the end of March,
Venus, Mars, and Saturn
have appeared to group together.
But starting April
17th, Jupiter will
appear, forming a row
of planets in a line.
It will be most visible in
the predawn sky of April 20th.
That's the astronomy of
this celestial event,
but what about the astrology?
Astrologer Mercedes
Arnus Arraut.
>> These last two
weeks of April,
we have something
very special going on.
I know that astronomically
we can see Saturn.
We can see the moon.
We're going to be
able to see Mars,
Venus, [LAUGHING] Neptune pretty
much, and Jupiter aligned.
But what we should be really
focusing our attention on,
at least we should
astrologically,
is in Venus in Pisces going
through Jupiter and Neptune.
And Mars is going to be doing
the same around a week later.
>> How does the energy of each
individual planet come together
in this alignment?
>> So, to understand this,
we need to know that Venus is
the planet of relationships.
Love, value, money,
self-worth and after that,
Mars is going through
Jupiter and Neptune.
And Mars has to do with
our energy, our drive.
It's an energy
activator, and it's
aligning too with Jupiter, which
is expansion, exaggeration.
And Neptune, that has to
do with spirit, ether,
lost resolution enveils.
So at this time, we
can really reconnect it
with souls that have a
higher purpose in our path.
And that are going to
guide us into a much
broader understanding of what
unconditional love truly is.
It's a time really to
experience the most
ethereal, hypersensitive, and
spiritual connections we've
ever felt.
But it could also be a time
for experiencing loss, grief,
and the dissolution of the veil.
That will show us the
raw truth or a reality
we didn't want to
face very much.
But if we try to stay true
and connect it to our emotions
and really tap into
the sensitivity
that it's awakening
within us, it
can really be a
very beautiful time
to channel our most dreamed
reality into matter.
>> How should we prepare
ourselves to tap into and take
advantage of this energy?
>> It's very important that we
stay tuned in to our dreams,
that we have an
emotional journal,
that we can have
even a dream journal,
and try to analyze the symbols
that our dreams are giving us.
And especially because
Pisces is the energy
that has to do with
dreams in the world.
So we are being
guided at this time,
and it's important that we
stay true to our subconscious.
And pretty much the symbols
that they're giving us
and stay true to that and
follow every relationship,
every connection.
Try to stay open to what others
are showing you about yourself.
>> To best see this alignment
look east about 45 minutes
before sunrise.
As amazing as this
alignment will be,
it is just a dress
rehearsal for June
of this year, where Mercury,
Venus, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn,
Neptune, and Uranus will align.
For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]